In the Shadow of the Moon
Better naked and alive than decent and dead, I thought.” ...

In the Tall Grass
Want to lay on it naked, and feel me in you, beneath the pinwheel stars, while the grass sings our names?” “you could have cut the lack of surprise and spread it on bread.” “I won't be mad, he'd told Tobin, but he was mad.

El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie
Jesse: So, what are you going to do with all that money?
Mike: Same thing I do with all the other money. How about you, teenage retiree? You’ll be living the dream.
Jesse: Not sure I should stick around town.
Mike: Well, that’s a start.
Jesse: Nothing really keeping me here.

Taxi Driver
Iris: Didn't you ever hear of women's lib?

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
Peter B. Parker: Where is that wind coming from? We're in a basement. Spider-Man Noir: Wherever I go, the wind follows. And the wind smells like rain

Her
“The past is just a story we tell ourselves.”

Time Trap
“Threat is such an unattractive word. Think of it as inspired relationship building."
Gabrielle "Gabby" Lin”

Pulp Fiction
Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness. For he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers

Avengers: Infinity War
There's an Ant-Man and a Spider-Man?

Inside Man: Most Wanted
I am not available

After
ust because he can't love you the way you want him to doesn't mean he does't love you with everything he has.' Liam says.”

Inglourious Basterds
Each and every man under my command owes me one hundred Nazi scalps."

Love
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. ...

Scream
Sidney Prescott: You sick fucks. You've seen one too many movies!
Billy Loomis: Now Sid, don't you blame the movies. Movies don't create psychos. Movies make psychos more creative!


Thor: Ragnarok
"I swear, I left him right here." -Loki. ...

American Psycho
"There are no girls with good personalities."


The Witch
Old Slater: No more! We are your judges, and not you ours! William: I cannot be judged by false Christians, for I have done nothing, save preach Christ's true Gospel

Black Panther
You get to decide what kind of king you are going to be.

The Dark Crystal
Historian: Hold her to you, for she is part of you, as we all are part of each other.

Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile
Liz Kendall: Why did you bring me to a college bar? I feel invisible here.
Joanna: Because it’s about time you get over that loser you were with.
Liz Kendall: No guy is going to want to go with a single mom who works as a secretary.
Joanna: Tonight, you are not a single mom, you’re single. You’re not a secretary, you have a secretary. And how can you be invisible when that guy has been staring at you all night?
[Liz looks over her shoulder to see Ted staring at her]

Solo: A Star Wars Story
“Everything you've heard about me is true.”

Star Wars: The Last Jedi
"Hi, I'm holding for General Hux." .

Schindler's List
Power is when we have every justification to kill, and we don't. 

Scott Pilgrim vs. The World
 When I'm around you, I kind of feel like I'm on drugs. Not that I do drugs. Unless you do drugs, in which case... I do them all the time.

Avengement
 “We are way less likely to love someone just because they love us than we are to hate someone just because they hate us.” society that doesnt care about right or wrong.”

The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.” “I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam

About Time
We're all travelling through time together every day of our lives.

300
Tonight, we dine in hell!

Murder Mystery
“When you read the account of a murder - or, say, a fiction story based on murder - you usually begin with the murder itself. That's all wrong. The murder begins a long time beforehand. A murder is the culmination of a lot of different circumstances, all converging at a given moment at a given point. People are brought into it from different parts of the globe and for unforeseen reasons. [...] The murder itself is the end of the story. It's Zero Hour.”

Superbad
“Something like 8% of kids do it, but whatever.” — Seth

Troy
Imagine a king who fights his own battles. ...

The Hateful Eight
“When it comes to some of them mean bastards out there, it's the only thing does the job. You really only need to hang mean bastards. ...

Road House
This place has a sign hangin' over the urinal that says, "Don't eat the big white mint".

Snowpiercer
"Order is the barrier that holds back the flood of death

Mary Poppins Returns
“THERE’S A DIFFERENT POINT OF VIEW AWAITING YOU IF YOU JUST LOOK UP.” – JACK

Kabir Singh
I choose to quit rather than living with your “Memories”

Coco
We may have our differences, but nothing's more important than family. ...

The Conjuring
Ed Warren: It was big mistake, acknowledging this doll.

The Red Sea Diving Resort
When the first big group of Ethiopians are smuggled to safety, the agents rejoice by quoting the Talmud: “ 'Whoever saves one life saves the world entire.

Ex Machina
Caleb Smith: I am become death, The Destroyer of Worlds.

The Incredibles 2
Winston Deavor: It's time to make some wrong things right. ...

Room
When I was a little kid I thought like a little kid, but now I'm five I know everything. ...

The Ballad of Buster Scruggs
Sir, it seems that you're are a no better a judge of human beings than you are a specimen of one. Just on a brief inventory I'd say you could use yourself a shave and a better disposition. And lastly, if you don't my mind me aspersing your friends... a better class of drinking buddies.

I Am Mother
Having children just puts the whole world into perspective. Everything else just disappears.” —Kate Winslet

Bird Box
“How can she expect her children to dream as big as the stars if they can't lift their heads to gaze upon them?” ...

Triple Frontier
About five years ago, when I was on leave, I found myself standing in the middle of the cereal aisle at the Publix with my arm around some guy’s throat. I was squeezing so hard he pissed himself. My fiancée at the time had to climb on my back just so I didn’t actually kill the guy. Do you know why I was doing this? Because he hadn’t moved his cart when I asked. I was the best of the best, able to shut down, control, manipulate all basic human instincts towards one goal, the completion of my mission. But the effects of committing extreme violence on other human beings are biological and physiological. That’s the price of being a warrior.

The Babysitter
My grandmother spent her whole life working as a maid, a cook and a babysitter, barely scraping by, but still working hard to give my mother, her only child, a chance in life, so that my mother could give my brother and me an even better one.

Raging Bull
I'm the best, I can take it more than anybody. …’

Gerald's Game
days of doing things simply because it’s a man doing the telling are over.

The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
Treebeard: The Ents cannot hold back this storm. We must weather such things as we have always done.
Merry: How can that be your decision?!
Merry: How can that be your decision?
Treebeard: This is not our war.
Merry: But you’re part of this world! Aren’t you?!
Merry: But you're part of this world! Aren't you?!
Merry: But you're part of this world! Aren't you?

Hereditary
It’s heartening to see so many strange, new faces here today. I know my mom would be very touched, and probably a little suspicious, to see this turnout. So my mother was a very secretive and private woman. She had private rituals, private friends, private anxieties. It honestly feels like a betrayal just to be standing here talking about her. She was a very difficult woman to read. If you ever thought you knew what was going on with her, and, God forbid, you tried to confront that. But when her life was unpolluted, she could be the sweetest, warmest, most loving person in the world. She was also incredibly stubborn, which, maybe, explains me. You could always count on her to always have the answer. And if she ever was mistaken, and, well, that was your opinion, and you were wrong.

A Simple Favor
'Everybody has a dark side. Some of us are better at hiding it than others.'

A Quiet Place
Communication is more than verbal: The world in A Quiet Place was scary. ...

Mission: Impossible - Fallout
Delivery Man: Fate whispers to the warrior.
Ethan Hunt: A storm is coming.
Delivery Man: And the warrior whispers back?
Ethan Hunt: I am the storm.

You Were Never Really Here
“He was aware that he was not completely sane, so he kept himself in rigid check, playing both jailer and prisoner.”

Seven
David Mills: You're no messiah. ...

Suspiria
Patricia: There's more in that building than what you can see. They've been underground since the war.

The Silence of the Lambs
Dr. Hannibal Lecter: Whenever feasible, one should always try to eat the rude.

Baywatch
Mitch Buchannon: Welcome to Baywatch. Our team is the elite of the elite. We’re the heart and soul of this very beach. We protect when other people don’t want to protect, and we go above and beyond.

Mother!
“Always my mother; forever my friend.” 

Late Night
I thought late-night was crowded... the format's repetitive.

I Spit on Your Grave I'm gonna cut his retard pecker off and use it as a goddamn hood ornament.

Skin
All of my friends have always been black."

The Terminator
Kyle Reese: The Terminator's an infil-tration unit. Part man, part machine. Underneath, it's a hyperalloy combat chassis,mircoprocessor-controlled, fully armored. Very tough...But outside, it's living human tissue. Flesh, skin, hair...blood. Grown for the cyborgs.
Kyle Reese: The Terminator's an infil-tration unit. Part man, part machine. Underneath, it's a hyperalloy combat chassis,mircoprocessor-controlled, fully armored. Very tough. But outside, it's living human tissue. Flesh, skin, hair,blood, grown for the cyborgs.

The Poison Rose
There was no getting around the fact that whoever this man was, he was a big guy, with a neck like a hydrant. ...

Requiem for a Dream
“I suspect there will never be a requiem for a dream, simply because it will destroy us before we have the opportunity to mourn it's passing.”

The Fifth Element
Korben Dallas: I Speak two languages: English and Bad English!
Korben Dallas: I speak two languages: English and bad English!

Serenity
Capt. Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds: [to Inara] But you fog things up! You always have. You spin me about. I wish like hell you were elsewhere.

12 Angry Men
It's not easy for me to ... send a boy off to die without talking about it first. ...

High Life
I be getting high just to balance out the lows. ...

Papillon
Dega: A temptation resisted is a true measure of character.

The Killing of a Sacred Deer
Steven Murphy : A surgeon never kills a patient. An anaesthesiologist can kill a patient, but a surgeon never can. Steven Murphy : This meat is delicious.

Good Time
The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow. ...

Pearl Harbor
"No man can tame a tiger into a kitten by stroking it. There can be no appeasement with ruthlessness. There can be no reasoning with an incendiary bomb. We know now that a nation can have peace with the Nazis only at the price of total surrender.

Carrie
Carrie White: Everyone isn't bad, Mama! ...

Heathers
“Heather told me she teaches people 'real life.' ...

The Florida Project
Bobby: Halley, got a situation here. Open up! It's only the second week of the summer and there's already been a dead fish in the pool...
Moonee: We were trying to get it back alive.
Bobby: Water balloons thrown at tourists
Halley: I failed as a mother, Moonee!
Moonee: Yeah, mom, you're a disgrace!

Secretary
Burt Holloway: You are the child of god's holy gift of life. You come from me. But you are not me. ...

Escape Plan: The Extractors
You don’t look so smart!
You don’t either!

Rocky
Going in one more round when you don’t think you can. That’s what makes all the difference in your life.” – Rocky Balboa

Scary Movie
“You're Gonna Need A Bigger Boat.”

Suburbicon
“The only thing missing from Suburbicon is you. Come home to Suburbicon.”- Narrator

Rosemary's Baby
"Guy Woodhouse. He was in Luther and Nobody Loves an Albatross and he does a lot of television." ...

True Grit
You must pay for everything in this world one way and another. There is nothing free except the Grace of God. You cannot earn that or deserve it.

Transformers: The Last Knight
King Arthur: Without sacrifice, there can be no victory. ...

Downsizing
Audrey Safranek: Paul, don't be mad at me. Please don't be mad. I can't leave my family. I can't leave my friends. I'm sorry, Paul. I should have been thinking more about myself.

The Lost City Of Z
Percy Fawcett: I am here to attempt great things. I wish to find the lost city. Our reputation rests on my success.

Child's Play
 Charles Lee Ray: Oh god I'm dying. Chucky: Well John it's been fun, but i gotta go, i have a date with a 6 year-old boy. Chucky: Well, John, it's been fun, but I gotta go

Lady Bird
Christine 'Lady Bird' McPherson: I hate California, I want to go to the East Coast. I want to go where culture is like New York. ...

Kick-Ass
"Live the life you've imagined." ...

Children of the Corn
The Lord has chosen me as the bringer of His word and the giver of His laws! Disobedience to me is disobedience to Him! Do it now, or your punishment shall be a thousand deaths, each more horrible than the last!” He Who Walks Behind The Rows did say, "I will send outlanders amongst you: a man and a woman.

Airplane!
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit smoking. ...

Dances with Wolves
Timmons: Something poked me in the butt, was that you?

12 Monkeys
Dr. Kathryn Railly: Cassandra in Greek legend, you recall, was condemned to know the future but to be disbelieved when she foretold it.

Bone Tomahawk
I'll say hello to yours.” “Smart men don't get married.” “Pain is how your body talks to you. You'd do well to listen to it.”

The Spy Who Dumped Me
Morgan: What are we doing? Are we going to sit in the corner all night? It’s your birthday.
Audrey: I’m thirty years-old, I wear a Hawaiian shirt. My boyfriend dumped me in a text.
Morgan: Let’s set his shit on fire.

The Disaster Artist
Tommy Wiseau: Los Angeles, everybody want to be star. You have to be the best and never give up.

Mid90s
Ray: Lotta the time we feel our lives are the worst. But I think if you look in anyone else's closet, you wouldn't trade their sh*t for your sh*t. So it's good.

Bohemian Rhapsody
"Roger, there's only room in this band for one hysterical queen." ...

Green Lantern
Hal Jordan: "In brightest day, in blackest night, No evil shall escape my sight. Let all who worship evil's might, Beware my power, Green Lantern's light!"

Isn't It Romantic
'You can search the entire universe and never find a being more worthy of love than yourself.' You know, the Buddhists say that if you meet someone, and your heart pounds, and your hands shake, and your knees go weak, that that's not the one.

Aquaman
I'm no leader. I'm not a king. I do not work or play well with others, and I can't let you die trying to turn me into something I'm not. Mera: You think you're unworthy to lead because you're of different worlds.

A Star Is Born
1 570 VOTES. Like Where You At. Noodles: You know it's like, I dunno you... you float out... float out at sea then one day you find a port say, "I'm gonna stay here a few days." ...

Robin Hood
If that makes me an outlaw, so be it. I've been called worse.” “We don't steal from the rich and give to the poor. We steal from the poor because they can't fight back --most of them-- and the rich take from us because they could wipe us out in a day.”

Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald
Leta: “-only blinkered people.” “Oh, Newt. You never met a monster you couldn't love.” Dumbledore: “This is a surprise.”

Widows
“May a man live well-enough and long-enough, to leave many joyful widows behind him.” ...

Halloween
“Double, double toil and trouble; Fire burn and caldron bubble.” ...

Bad Times at the El Royale
'El Royale', situated between California and Nevada, is a place between two clashing worlds, between the past and the present. During one last night, everyone will get their last chance before is too late. “Tonight we get to be our own gods.” 



